[doc] Release procedure documented (#623)
lowRISC/mocha: README.md

The CHERI Mocha project is a reference design for an integrated SoC subsystem for secure enclaves that use CHERI.
Secure enclaves are usually part of a larger SoC and are tasked with security critical tasks like user authentication, password storage, etc.
Resolving memory safety issues is paramount in security-critical tasks like those that run on secure enclave systems.
This is why we designed CHERI into Mocha to deterministically guarantee spatial and temporal memory safety.

> CHERI Mocha is a reference design for ASICs that shows how a CHERI-enabled core, bus and memories can be instantiated in a subsystem SoC with a high degree of verification.

Reviewer: Nit: improve wording, also "a high degree of" sounds vague

```suggestion
Resolving memory safety issues is paramount in security-critical use cases such as secure enclave systems.
This is why we designed CHERI into Mocha to deterministically guarantee spatial and temporal memory safety.
CHERI Mocha is a reference design for ASICs that demonstrates how a CHERI-enabled core, bus and memories can be instantiated in a subsystem SoC with commercial grade verification.
```

Author: Thanks, these changes make sense to me.

If you want to try out using Mocha, we currently support the [Genesys 2 FPGA board][] and simulation using Verilator or Xcelium.
For more details head to our [release page](https://github.com/lowRISC/mocha/releases) and [development guide](doc/ref/dev_guide.md).

CHERI Mocha is part of the [COSMIC project](https://cosmic-project.lowrisc.org/), which is a collaboration between lowRISC, Capabilities Limited and Oxford University Innovation.
It is work that is funded by Innovate UK and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (grant number 10168492).

## Architecture

The block diagram of the Mocha SoC is depicted below.
We are re-using numerous [OpenTitan](https://opentitan.org/) blocks since they are open-source and commercial grade.

> Enclave systems often include application class processors (like CVA6) because they need to support an MMU-enabled operating system, usually based on L4 or something clean slate, as opposed to real-time operating systems.

Reviewer: Nit: this sentence is too detached from Mocha

```suggestion
Mocha includes an application class processor to support MMU-enabled operating systems, usually based on L4 or something clean slate, as opposed to real-time operating systems.
```

Author: Thanks, I've rewritten it a bit more base on your feedback.

Resolving memory safety issues is paramount in the security-critical use cases that need to run on secure enclave systems.
This is why we designed CHERI into Mocha to deterministically guarantee spatial and temporal memory safety.
CHERI Mocha is a reference design for ASICs that demonstrates how a CHERI-enabled core, bus and memories can be instantiated in a subsystem SoC with commercial-grade verification.

If you want to try out using Mocha, we currently support the [Genesys 2 FPGA board][] and simulation using Verilator or Xcelium.
For more details head to our [release page](https://github.com/lowRISC/mocha/releases) and [development guide](doc/ref/dev_guide.md).

CHERI Mocha is part of the [COSMIC project](https://cosmic-project.lowrisc.org/), which is a collaboration between lowRISC, Capabilities Limited and Oxford University Innovation.
It is work that is funded by Innovate UK and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (grant number 10168492).

## Architecture

The block diagram of the Mocha SoC is depicted below.
We are re-using numerous [OpenTitan](https://opentitan.org/) blocks since they are open-source and commercial grade.

> Mocha includes an application class processor to support an MMU-enabled operating systems.

Reviewer: Nit: grammar

```suggestion
Mocha includes an application class processor to support MMU-enabled operating systems.
```

Author: Thank, this is now changed.

> Mocha includes an application class processor to support an MMU-enabled operating systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mocha includes an application class processor to support MMU-enabled operating systems.

Author: Nice, Ray found the same thing!

> This is because enclave systems usually run an operating system based on L4 or something clean slate, as opposed to real-time operating systems.

Reviewer 2: I think "clean slate" doesn't add anything here - the contrast is between more advanced Operating systems that rely on an MMU and real-time operating systems that might not, an bespoke operating system can be either.

Author: Thanks, I've hopefully reworded this now.
